Add folder of documentation to be pushed to our Documentation Platform (#1137)
ProjectOpenSea/opensea-js: developerDocs/advanced-use-cases.md

---
title: Advanced Use Cases
category: 64cbb5277b5f3c0065d96616
slug: opensea-sdk-advanced-use
parentDocSlug: opensea-sdk
order: 2
hidden: false
---

- [Scheduling Future Listings](#scheduling-future-listings)
- [Purchasing Items for Other Users](#purchasing-items-for-other-users)
- [Using ERC-20 Tokens Instead of Ether](#using-erc-20-tokens-instead-of-ether)
- [Private Auctions](#private-auctions)
- [Listening to Events](#listening-to-events)

## Advanced

Interested in purchasing for users server-side or with a bot, scheduling future orders, or making bids in different ERC-20 tokens? OpenSea.js can help with that.

### Scheduling Future Listings

You can create sell orders that aren't fulfillable until a future date. Just pass in a `listingTime` (a UTC timestamp in seconds) to your SDK instance:

```typescript

> const auction = await openseaSDK.createSellOrder({

Reviewer: isn't this a listing not an auction? english auction would have to use `waitForHighestBid: true` from my understanding

Author: Yeah, whenever this readme was written they were calling all sell orders auctions

  tokenAddress,
  tokenId,
  accountAddress,
  startAmount: 1,
  listingTime: Math.round(Date.now() / 1000 + 60 * 60 * 24), // One day from now
});

> ```

Reviewer 2: i know of some python tooling that does this, but is there any easy integration that tests/lints code blocks in your docs?

might be worth doing (eventually) to keep our docs functional as we add more examples in markdown like this

Author: https://github.com/eslint/eslint-plugin-markdown#eslint-plugin-markdown

Reviewer: prettier should automatically format code blocks in markdown files as long as it runs on md files, i checked package.json lint-staged rules and it should be running on *.md files

Reviewer 2: sweet, good to know! typechecking and all that out of the box too?

```typescript
const order = await openseaSDK.api.getOrder({ side: "ask", ... })
await openseaSDK.fulfillOrder({
  order,
  accountAddress, // The address of your wallet, which will sign the transaction
  recipientAddress // The address of the recipient, i.e. the wallet you're purchasing on behalf of
})
```

If the order is a sell order (`order.side === "ask"`), the taker is the _buyer_ and this will prompt the buyer to pay for the item(s) but send them to the `recipientAddress`. If the order is a buy order ( `"bid"`), the taker is the _seller_ but the bid amount be sent to the `recipientAddress`.

This will automatically approve the assets for trading and confirm the transaction for sending them.

### Using ERC-20 Tokens Instead of Ether

Here's an example of listing the Genesis CryptoKitty for $100! No more needing to worry about the exchange rate:

```typescript
// Token address for the DAI stablecoin, which is pegged to $1 USD
const paymentTokenAddress = "0x89d24a6b4ccb1b6faa2625fe562bdd9a23260359";

// The units for `startAmount` and `endAmount` are now in DAI, so $100 USD

> const auction = await openseaSDK.createSellOrder({

Reviewer: `listing` not `auction`, same comment as https://github.com/ProjectOpenSea/opensea-js/pull/1137/files/b4661cc7f6fe4ccf4b36701df03b2bf91e30b2f0#r1287261645

  tokenAddress: "0x06012c8cf97bead5deae237070f9587f8e7a266d", // CryptoKitties
  tokenId: "1", // Token ID
  accountAddress: OWNERS_WALLET_ADDRESS,
  startAmount: 100,
  paymentTokenAddress,
});
```

You can use `getPaymentTokens` to search for tokens by symbol name. And you can even list all orders for a specific ERC-20 token by querying the API:

```typescript
const token = (await openseaSDK.api.getPaymentTokens({ symbol: "MANA" }))
  .tokens[0];

const order = await openseaSDK.api.getOrders({
  side: "ask",
  paymentTokenAddress: token.address,
});
```

> **Fun note:** soon, all ERC-20 tokens will be allowed! This will mean you can create crazy offers on crypto collectibles **using your own ERC-20 token**. However, opensea.io will only display offers and auctions in ERC-20 tokens that it knows about, optimizing the user experience of order takers. Orders made with the following tokens will be shown on OpenSea:

Reviewer: > **Fun note:** soon, all ERC-20 tokens will be allowed!
this should be removed

- MANA, Decentraland's currency: https://etherscan.io/token/0x0f5d2fb29fb7d3cfee444a200298f468908cc942

> - DAI, Maker's stablecoin, pegged to $1 USD: https://etherscan.io/token/0x89d24a6b4ccb1b6faa2625fe562bdd9a23260359

Reviewer: this is the old SAI, should be updated to DAI contract https://etherscan.io/token/0x6b175474e89094c44da98b954eedeac495271d0f

### Private Auctions

> Now you can make auctions and listings that can only be fulfilled by an address or email of your choosing. This allows you to negotiate a price in some channel and sell for your chosen price on OpenSea, **without having to trust that the counterparty will abide by your terms!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make offers and listings that can only be fulfilled by an address or email of your choosing. This allows you to negotiate a price in some channel and sell for your chosen price on OpenSea, **without having to trust that the counterparty will abide by your terms!**
```
